Add note about newer JVC models requiring a password (#34897)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/jvc_projector.markdown

## Supported models

This integration is intended for the automation of any modern JVC Projector with a network port.

> {% note %}
> JVC is requiring newer models (e.g., DLA-NZ800/DLA-RS3200 and DLA-NZ900/DLA-RS4200) to use a user-generated password to access the network port for security reasons.
> 
> To set up these models:
> 1. Set a password on the projector's network setup page.
> 2. Use this password when adding the JVC Projector integration in Home Assistant.
> {% endnote %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites

JVC is requiring newer models (e.g., DLA-NZ800/DLA-RS3200 and DLA-NZ900/DLA-RS4200) to use a user-generated password to access the network port for security reasons.

To set up these models:

1. Set a password on the projector's network setup page.
2. Use this password when adding the JVC Projector integration in Home Assistant.

```
I think this deserves its own proper prerequisites section
